Explain a bit more around enabling HTTP3 (#8731)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/entrypoints.md

#### `http3`

`http3` enables HTTP3 protocol on the entryPoint.

> You can only enable HTTP3 on a TCP entrypoint, as the connection upgrade to HTTP/3 requires some specific headers 
> Those will automatically be added, for requests getting served trough an entrypoint which has HTTP/3 enabled. In most scenarios, that will be any entrypoint you use (e.g. websecure) which handles your TLS traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only enable HTTP3 on a TCP entrypoint, as the connection upgrade to HTTP/3 requires some specific headers 
Those will automatically be added, for requests getting served through an entrypoint that has HTTP/3 enabled.
In most scenarios, that will be any entrypoint you use (e.g. websecure) that handles your TLS traffic.
```

#### `http3`

`http3` enables HTTP3 protocol on the entryPoint.

> You can only enable HTTP3 on a TCP entrypoint, as the connection upgrade to HTTP/3 requires some specific headers 
> Those will automatically be added, for requests getting served through an entrypoint that has HTTP/3 enabled.
> In most scenarios, that will be any entrypoint you use (e.g. websecure) that handles your TLS traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTTP/3 requires a TCP entryPoint, as HTTP/3 always starts as a TCP connection that then gets upgraded to UDP.
In most scenarios, this entryPoint is the same as the one used for TLS traffic.
```

      http3: true

    entryPoints:

>       name: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      name:
```
